java c
Assessment Proforma 2024-25
Key InformationModule CodeCMT119Module TitleComputational ThinkingAssessment TitleHTML  CSS Based AssessmentAssessment Number1Assessment Weighting100%Assessment LimitsOne website with word limits forindividual pages as described in the task description.
The Assessment Calendar can be found under ‘Assessment  Feedback’ in the COMSC-ORG-SCHOOL organisation on Learning Central. This is the single point of truth for (a) the hand out date and time, (b) the hand in date and time, and (c) the feedback return date for all assessments.
Learning Outcomes
The learning outcomes for this assessment are as follows:
1.  Decompose problems and apply computational processes to derive solutions
This is assessed by asking you to build a website and to reflect upon what you have learnt about Computational Thinking.
2.  Complete fundamental programming tasks
This is assessed by asking you to use HTML and CSS to create a website.
3.  Use software development best practices
This is assessed by asking you to use to use HTML and CSS correctly and efficiently within your assignment.
4.  Reflect on their own learning process
This is assessed by asking you to reflect on what you have learnt in the module and how this will impact your learning and programme of study in future modules.
Submission Instructions
The coversheet can be found under ‘Assessment  Feedback’ in the COMSC-ORG- SCHOOL organisation on Learning Central.
All files should be submitted via Learning Central.  The submission page can be found under ‘Assessment  Feedback’ in the CMT119 module on Learning Central.  Your submission should consist of multiple files:DescriptionTypeNameCoversheetCompulsoryOne PDF (.pdf) fileCoversheet.pdfZip file containing all code created for the assessment. Themain page should be called index.html.CompulsoryOne Zip fileCODE_[student number].zip
Assessment Description
You are asked to create a static HTML  CSS website.
This website should contain at least three (3) pages, which are described below. You are free to add additional pages if you like, but you must cover the minimum contents:
1.  A Computational Thinking Reflection. For this page, you should first read the article
Palts, T.,  Pedaste, M. (2020). A model for developing computational thinking skills. Informatics in Education, 19(1), 113-128.
The authors conduct a review of CT dimensions defined in different scientific papers and propose a new model for developing CT skills in three stages. Discuss to what   extent the 10 CT skills identified by the authors are covered in this module. Do you   think that certain skills should be addressed in more/less detail? What do you think   about the proposed model and the selection of skills? Your discussion should be at   most 700 words long.
2.  Generative AI Competency. Use ChatGPT or another free chatbot of your choice to create a short biography of a computer scientist that you find inspiring. The biography should be organized into three sections containing biographical facts (first paragraph), main achievements (second paragraph) and relevance for modern computer science (third paragraph). The generated biography should be at most 300 words long.
On your webpage, present the prompt that you used to generate the biography, and the generated biography in a nice form. Below that, discuss your experience critically. Did the first prompt gave you the desired result or did you have to try repeated prompts? How would you evaluate the three paragraphs? Are they well written and interesting to read? Are they consistent and coherent? How is the connection between the main achievements in the second and the relevance in the third paragraph? Identify three important facts i代 写CMT119 Computational Thinking 2024-25R
代做程序编程语言n the biography that you would like to fact-check. Can you get the Chatbot to give you the sources for the claim? If so, could you find the information on the source to verify it? Would you consider the source reliable? Your discussion should be at most 500 words long.
3.  Learning Reflection. Write a reflection on what you have learnt in this module.
Which parts did you find most/least interesting? Are there topics that you would have liked to discuss in more/less detail? Avoid redundancy with the first page unless it is important to repeat things to make a point. How do you think will the module impact your future learning and career? Your reflection should be at most 500 words long.The website will be assessed on your use of HTML and CSS, and the contents of the website. You should endeavour to write clear, concise and semantically correct HTML, and efficient and clear CSS.
Assessment Criteria Website Programming (30%)HighDistinction 80%+Flawless design and layout of the website.Distinction 70-79%Use of advanced HTML/CSS features not covered in course.Merit60-69%Semantic HTML elements used where necessary, CSS rules and selectors efficient.Pass50-59%HTML structured correctly,    CSS used to style. elements,Evidence of use of correct selectors.Marginal Fail40-49%HTML structured or used incorrectly, CSS inefficient and repetitive.Fail0-39%Major problems in HTML or CSS files.
Assessment Criteria CT Reflection (30%)HighDistinction 80%+The discussion demonstrates an excellent understanding of thecomputational thinking ideas covered in the module and of the paper and makes novel connections that go beyond the literature. Thediscussion is well structured, follows a clear train of thought and gets to the point without confusing digressions.Distinction 70-79%The discussion demonstrates a very good understanding of thecomputational thinking ideas covered in the module and of the paper. The discussion is well structured, follows a clear train of thought and  gets to the point without confusing digressions.Merit60-69%The discussion demonstrates a good understanding of thecomputational thinking ideas covered in the module and of the paper.The discussion is mostly well structured, follows a clear train of thought and gets to the point without confusing digressions.Pass50-59%The discussion demonstrates a basic understanding of thecomputational thinking ideas covered in the module and of the paper. The discussion is mostly well structured and follows a clear train ofthought.Marginal Fail40-49%The discussion demonstrates a basic understanding of thecomputational thinking ideas covered in the module and of the paper but severely lacks organization and clarity.Fail0-39%The discussion is incomprehensible, too shallow or generic and does not demonstrate a basic understanding of the computational thinking ideas covered in the module or of the paper.
Assessment Criteria GenAI Competency (20%)HighDistinction 80%+The discussion demonstrates an excellent engagement with the task. All questions have been addressed flawlessly and the discussionaddresses a question that arises naturally from the generated text but goes beyond the task description.Distinction 70-79%The discussion demonstrates a very good engagement with the task. All questions have been addressed flawlessly.Merit60-69%The discussion demonstrates a good engagement with the task. All questions have been addressed with only minor problems.Pass50-59%The discussion demonstrates a reasonable engagement with the task. All questions have been addressed reasonably.Marginal Fail40-49%While some questions have been addressed reasonably, the discussion is too generic and vague overall.Fail0-39%The discussion is too generic and vague.



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
